Welcome to Elite Elephants 

A limited NFT collection where the value of the token grows over time due to your membership to a select society: Jungle Elite. 
Enter

Get on the list  

Email address 

Ig 

Twitter 

Discord 


////

//Welcome to Elite Elephants 

    EE is a collection of 1,111  Elite Elephants NFTs, unique collectibles on the Polygon Blockchain 

    Your Elite Elephants’ value grows as  your membership card is activated and give you acces to members-only benefits ,including  participation in exclusive events such as NFT claims, raffles, community giveaways, and huge gamplay advantages in our future video game. Perks can be unlocked by community through roadmap activation. 


//Fair distribution 

    Purchasing an Elite Elephant costs 0,08 ETH. There are no price levels. Any EE  has the same price 

    Note: 111 elephants are being held from the sale. These will be held for giveaways, contests and for the EE creators.  

 

//BUY AN ELEPHANT 

    Check out the collection on Opensea 

    BUY AN  ELITE ELEPHANT ON OPENSEA 

 

//SPECIFICATIONS 

    Each Elite Elephant is unique and progammatically generated from over 100 possible features as eyes skin colour, hats and more. All are cool, but each trait`s rarity differ. 

 

//Welcome to the club 

    Buying An Elite Elephant doesn’t simply mean you own a random pixel cute and possibly-rare artwork. You also get full access to a private society where benefits and opportunities grow with time. Your Elite Elephant will be your skin and you will have several perks in the upcoming 2022 Jungle-themed video game as well as digital land in the Jungleverse.
    1.111 Elite Elephants tokens
    Fair launch, fair distribution. All elephants at 0,08 ETH
    Ownership and commercial rights given to owners over their NFT 
    Receive additional benefits through roadmap activation
    Guaranteed virtual land in the Jungleverse
    Gameplay advantages in our future game
 



//Roadmap
    Once the percentage is achieved, we will start grinding to realize the described goal.
    10% 10 NFTs for discord users 
    20%   we release the Savage Elephants( from the 111 tokens we retained) , which will  be airdropped to random lucky holders 

    40%  investors choose a worthy charity for the Elite 
    50% Member-Exclusive EE Merch Store opens  ,featuring limited edition hats, shirts, hoodies, wrist bands, pop sockets, phone cases and more .Investors will be able to choose the winning designs in discord. 
    60% virtual land in the Jugleverse is distributed to owners
    70% stuff like rarity of the elephants and their special abilities in the upcoming play-to-earn game will be revealed 
    80% 3 of the rarest elephants left will be given to holders through a raffle  
    90% membership cards activate. The infos for the wildest secret party ever are shown to the owners. 
    100%huge giveaway-when every elite Elephant will have found a comfy home, 10000$ in cash will be given away and the main information about the video game will be revealed 

    Bonus: one random Elephant has special unlockable content. If you got that one, you simply won a Tesla. Congrats!

//THE TEAM
    Elite Elephant was FOUNDED by 3 fellows sharing a common: goal to create something useful and valuable.
    ELTRON ELITE.tech addict.seems high all the time
    MILLIONAIREKID.a better Steve Jobs.ready to thrive
    GRYD.computer mastermind.lives in the gym



